Document JOIN queries when fetching models (#878)
contao/docs: docs/dev/framework/models/_index.md

$pages = PageModel::findByPid(1, $options);
```

> If the model has any relations defined in the [DCA](/framework/dca), setting `'eager' => true` will make Contao load all related records within the same database call, using joined query under the hood. Columns from each joined table will be prefixed with the column identifier from the main table, followed by double underscore character. This allows you to further filter your query with `having` option, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the model has any relations defined in the [DCA](/framework/dca), setting `'eager' => true` will make Contao load all related records 
within the same database call by using a joined query under the hood. Columns from each joined table will be prefixed with the column 
identifier from the main table, followed by double underscore character. This allows you to further filter your query with `having` option,
for example:
```

$pages = PageModel::findByPid(1, $options);
```

If the model has relations of type `hasOne` or `belongsTo` defined in the [DCA](/framework/dca), setting `'eager' => true`
will make Contao load all related records of those types within the same database call, using joined query under the hood.

> Columns from each joined table will be prefixed with the column identifier from the main table, followed by double underscore character. This allows you to further filter your query with `having` option, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns from each joined table will be prefixed with the column identifier from the main table, followed by double underscore
character. This allows you to further filter your query with `having` option, for example:
```

$pages = PageModel::findByPid(1, $options);
```

If the model has relations of type `hasOne` or `belongsTo` defined in the [DCA](/framework/dca), setting `'eager' => true`
will make Contao load all related records of those types within the same database call, using joined query under the hood.
Columns from each joined table will be prefixed with the column identifier from the main table, followed by double underscore
character. This allows you to further filter your query with `having` option, for example:

```php
// tl_article.php

> 'author' => array
> (
>     'foreignKey'              => 'tl_user.name',
>     'relation'                => array('type'=>'hasOne', 'load'=>'lazy')
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'author' => [
    'foreignKey' => 'tl_user.name',
    'relation' => ['type'=>'hasOne', 'load'=>'lazy'],
],
```

Author: I actually like your version more; that fragment was just copy-pasted from the core😁

Reviewer: Yes, the core still uses a legacy style.
